gnome-schedule
--------------

	o. See the file COPYING for the license.
	o. See the AUTHORS file for the authors of this tool
	o. See the INSTALL file for information about installing this tool
	o. Checkout the doc/ directory for user documentation

Dependencies
------------

 Gnome Schedule will need
 
	o. at,  batch,  atq, atrm, queue
	o. crontab
	o. Python
	o. PyGTK >= 2.3
	o. Python GConf

Support
-------

  You can talk to the developers and some other users of gnome-schedule
  here:
 
	o. http://lists.sourceforge.net/mailman/listinfo/gnome-schedule-users


Compiling and HACKING
---------------------

  Gnome Schedule is (being) written using the programming language Python
  and uses the PyGTK and Python-GConf bindings. No we are not planning
  to rewrite the tool in Perl just so that you can prove that Perl can
  do the same thing. To be honest, that would be a silly, stupid and 
  idiot-only thing to do. So don't even try thinking about asking. I 
  even think Larry Wall would agree with me on this one. You probably
  don't know who Larry Wall is, else you would not be thinking about
  asking the question (in case you where thinking about asking it)

  You can talk to the developers of gnome-schedule about development
  related issues here:

	o. http://lists.sourceforge.net/mailman/listinfo/gnome-schedule-devel

  To compile Gnome Schedule from CVS you will also need

	o. A CVS client
	o. autoconf and the other auto* tools (version >= 1.7)
	o. gnome-common which you can pull from the cvs.gnome.org
  	o. You can get the latest version of PyGTK from cvs.gnome.org.
	o. You will need the latest version of PyGTK to get the version
	   in CVS compiled.

  To make contributions you should first read

	o. HACKING
	o. README.cvs
	o. AUTHORS
	o. The source code itself :-)

  To help with translations

	o. Check out the po/ directory. You can use gTranslator and
	   the other intl tools for translations. You should contact
	   the GNOME Translation team as they are the responsible
	   organisation for the translation of the GNOME desktop
	o. Other than only the generated po-files you should also
	   check out the file src/lang.py
